Problem Statement
Imagine a publishing company that markets both book and audiocassette versions of its works. Create a class
publication that stores the title (a string) and price (type float) of a publication. From this class derive two classes:
book, which adds a page count (type int), and tape, which adds a playing time in minutes (type float). Each of these
three classes should have a getdata() function to get its data from the user at the keyboard, and a putdata() function to
display its data. Write a main() program to test the book and tape classes by creating instances of them, asking the
user to fill in data with getdata(), and then displaying the data with putdata().

Objectives:
To learn the concept of Class, Object,Data Hiding , Inheritance

Outcomes:
The performer will be able to design a program in c++ using concept Class, Object,Data Hiding , Inheritance
Software Requirements:
1. 64-bit Open source Linux or its derivative
2. Open Source C++ Programming tool like G++/GCC.

Theory:
Inheritance
Inheritance is the capability of one class to acquire properties and characteristics from another class. The class whose
properties are inherited by other class is called the Parent or Base or Super class. And, the class which inherits
properties of other class is called Child or Derived or Sub class. Inheritance makes the code reusable. When we
inherit an existing class, all its methods and fields become available in the new class, hence code is reused.
class Subclass_name : access_mode Superclass_name
While defining a subclass like this, the super class must be already defined or atleast declared before the subclass
declaration.Access Mode is used to specify, the mode in which the properties of superclass will be inherited into
subclass, public, privtate or protected.


Algorithm:
1. Design a Base Class publication which contains fiels to store title and price..
2. Design two derived classes to hold properties of Tape and Book respectively.
3. Create a functions for getting data and putting data in the base class as well as in the derived class.
4. Create main() program to test the book and tape classes by creating instances of them, asking the user to fill
in data with getdata(), and then displaying the data with putdata().

